# Solar-Gold-smart-safe-
  I am the real Satoshi Nakamoto and the main creator of Bitcoin. My name is mehdi mehrabi and: At the time of the initial coding, I defined using a formula that has numerical coordinates and each currency code has a unique identity, and at the same time manages cash under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto Did. And my goal was to instill a cryptocurrency for banking stability in order to revolutionize the central treasury and the monetary organization, and the idea was to create every sale in line with a coding program that would create economic transparency in the world andProviding financial security for capital owners. Every human being has a new perspective and a real belief that the sincerity of the thoughts that originate leads the heart to reason in the metaphysical science of the brain. During these few years since the birth of this financial system, many people have abused my position and name and shown themselves in my place. Wow, the attitude of growth is to eliminate Satoshi Nakamoto and to name an identity that, if his name would create an economic revolution, would be based solely on faith and God's direct connection to the innate intellect and intuition that serves human society.ی کرد. But I can no longer tolerate such capital, which is used by God's science to create this kind of looting by opportunists who try to shake this illusion from the darkest parts of everyone. The goal is to create the attitude of the birth of superior minds that leave a legacy for the future, as our past has left us. In fact, the further man goes, the closer he actually gets to his past, which means that we will exist in nature over and over again, but with a different appearance and mask that we choose.So the new revolution is the attitude of Bitcoin today towards the beginning of a new revolution, and that is to balance the trade of an economic action in relation to certain times, such as the coronary heart disease epidemic in the world, which creates this superiority. Trust of capital owners in the event of such problems and disasters and the existence of Bitcoin financial insurance. The title Quinn Insurance is based on. Another reason why no one has been able to pinpoint my exact location is my proxy closet and London location. This shows my proxy in London.And bitcoin talc. Also, I can fully present the initial file of my invention to the community. Thank you. I have many emails, if you need to tell me to provide them all. Also, I have now come to be born and come up with another new idea and I want to share the product and fruit of my few years of absence with the best and their opinion. Let me know. Thank you for your time. My goal in creating this platform with friends who worked on it after receiving the initial source code is just one way and one sign to achieve growthAnd it was economic excellence. Transparency of bitcoins and digital currencies should not be used by profiteers and profiteers. We all know that attitudes and economic growth are in line with cultural and social growth and are aligned with each other. The programming of this new life made our loved ones promise a new revolution in the digital currency industry and wait for an invention. Let it be the result of this period since my absence. And this is nothing but a virtual safe deposit box that will be a winning business and next to it, the listed stock exchange and the OTC exchangeAnd the ability to trade small and large. Around the world with the aim of providing virtual currency and preventing people from abusing brands and brands, as well as investing in medical and scientific subjects and traveling to Earth for a living. So our heritage will be for our children and our future. Hard men and hard days, these hard men win the rush and the man becomes valuable with effort. My goal is not financial excellence but spiritual excellence to keep my name alive and also to prove the encrypted network of each person's brain from the past to the present. Do you know me?Even then, after every year, the original formula was in the Dark Web. I have a lot of evidence that proves that I am a real Satoshi. Even now, it does not matter to me whether anyone believes it or not, because my new invention will change the world. I just wanted to say if I still want to work. We will need a group like the previous group and even better. Now is the time to transfer all my assets and financial resources in China and other blocks to my account and wallet. Also, I have complete documents proving that I amI am the real Satoshi Nakomoto. Please. If I want to show myself now, it is the creation of another new and new phenomenon that will lead to a superior revolution and beyond. So now if you really believe in Satoshi and his ideas and path, be sure to let your top officials and world leaders know that the sun will rise.
